The SLAP_Benchmark.jar is a program designed to generate SLAP instances based on user configuration. 

It can also evaluate solutions provided to it. The program is capable of performing both actions based on
the arguments it has received.

To do instance generation:

java -jar .\SLAP_Benchmark.jar gen config.txt

The first argument is the gen string that tells it to perform generation. It is case sensitive. The 
second argument is the config file that contains the configurations for the generator.

To do function evaluation:

java -jar .\SLAP_Benchmark.jar eval sols.txt instances.txt

The first argument is the eval string that tells it to perform function evaluation. It is case sensitive. 
The second argument is the file containing the solutions. Each solution is a string formatted to a given 
structure with one solution per line. 

The format of the config file is as follows:
type: description of the set of data you are creating. Included in the file name.
num instances: number of instances to generate
cost limit
time limit
num actors
num scenes
num locations
lower wage bound, upper wage bound
lower scene duration bound, upper scene duration bound
lower scene transition cost bound, upper scene transition cost bound
lower location transfer time bound, upper location transfer time bound

The third argument is the file containing the instance data for each solution to be evaluated on. The first
solution is going to be evaluated with the first instance and so on. Each solution must have an instance
associated with it in order to evaluate properly. The instances should conform to the structure detailed
in the readme.

The format of the solutions is as follows: 
<x..>,<y..>,<..>

Each solution consists of lists, separated with <> arrows that are separated from other lists with commas. 
Each list can contain 0 or n number of ints, indicating each asset assigned to that location.

For example, <1,2,0>,<4>,<> indicates that assets 0,1,2 are assigned to location 0. Asset 4 is assigned
to location 1, and location 2 has no assets assigned.

